# BookHunt

Having an avid reading habit, I want to find new books to read so that I can keep a list of books to buy

When I load a book search engine, I am presented with options such as Search for Books and Login/Signup, as well as an input field for searching for books and a submit button. After clicking the Search for Books menu option, I am presented with an input field for searching for books and a submit button. IF I am not logged in and enter a search term and click the submit button, I am presented with several search results, each featuring a book's title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on Google Books. After clicking the Login/Signup menu option, a modal appears on the screen with a toggle between logging in and signing up. When the toggle is set to Signup, I am presented with three input fields for a username, an email address, and a password, along with a signup button. I am presented with two inputs for an email address and a password when the toggle is set to Login. Upon entering my email address and creating a password, I am prompted to create a user account. As soon as I enter my email address and password and click on the login button, the modal closes and I am logged in. Upon logging into the site, the menu options change to Search for Books, Saved Books, and Logout. As soon as I log in and enter a search term, I see several results, each featuring a book's title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site, along with a button to save the book. My account is updated when I click on the Save button on a book. Clicking on the option to view my saved books will show me all of the books I have saved to my account, each featuring the book's title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on Google Books, along with a button to remove the book. I delete a book from my saved books list when I click the Remove button. Once I click the Logout button, I am logged out of the site and presented with a menu with options Search for Books and Login/Signup and an input field to search for books.
